Over the past 3 years I have been only focused on making and maintaining frameworks, specifically the UntitledVulkanGameEngine and the UntitledImGuiFramework as well as a lot of open source libraries such as the UntitledRuntimeLibraryLoader and the UntitledTerminalEmulatorBacken d here are my opinions on the topic of making great frameworks.
 
 ## What is a framework and what is a library
 
 I define libraries as modular independent pieces of code that are used to execute one specific kind of task. On the technical side because of that independence they can be staticall or dynamically loaded which makes way for features such as extensions, pluggins and modding support in applications. Additionally they save space on the system because many different programs can access the same shared library at the same time.
 
 A framework is a locked down environment for writing a specific application, be it a website with frameworks like React or Angular, an application framework like Flutter or a game engine like Unreal Engine or Unity. Users of frameworks use the tools provided by them to write their applications and they usually use libraries and extensions provided by the framework development ecosystem which are specifically tailored for that environment.
 
 ## When should I write a framework and when a library
 It depends on your program and what you're trying to achieve. if you want to make a custom environment for making certain kind of applications, such as games, mobile or desktop applications or any kind of large applications that serve many functions at the same time in a single package then you might want to make a framework, because the experience will be uniform between all the different modules and features you make for your application. Meanwhile if you want to implement a small package of generic features that can be useful for other programmers but it's small enough to be used independently of its environment then consider writing a library
 
 ## How I write frameworks and libraries
 My system for writing frameworks is as follows. I first think of my use case. As an example let's make our framework be for making desktop applications. I first start with our components and a chart of how the data flow should be architected. Then I start developing it. Usually I would start by making a demo program so that I can test my use case, next I abstract the code into beautiful hierarchies as to match what we have previously designed on the data flow chart. Next I write the internal components and their external interfaces. After all the work on the internals and externals of the code is done we enter the UX part of making a framework. When writing a framework I want for the user to be able to use it without worrying about any of the internals of the underlying code. This means that I utilise drastic before-compilation abstraction methods. First the framework should be distributed in version control as the source files and the libraries as submodules. Next the user will clone the repository
